[New Component] SemConv Checker Connector Part1 - Framework (#34046)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: connector/sccconnector/README.md

| [Code Owners](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#becoming-a-code-owner)    | [@madvikinggod](https://www.github.com/madvikinggod) |

[development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#development
[contrib]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/tree/main/distributions/otelcol-contrib

## Supported Pipeline Types

| [Exporter Pipeline Type] | [Receiver Pipeline Type] | [Stability Level] |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------ | ----------------- |
| traces | logs | [development] |
| metrics | logs | [development] |
| logs | logs | [development] |

[Exporter Pipeline Type]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/connector/README.md#exporter-pipeline-type
[Receiver Pipeline Type]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/connector/README.md#receiver-pipeline-type
[Stability Level]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#stability-levels
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

> This is a connector for the collector to continuously monitor telemetry's adhearence to a semantic convetion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a connector for the Collector to continuously monitor telemetry's adherence to a semantic convention.
```

To use a collector with this built in add this to your config:

```
connectors:

>   scc:

Reviewer 2: any thoughts around naming this `semconvchecker` or something a bit more descriptive? i worry that scc is hard to understand for someone not familiar with the acronym and sccconnector is a lot of C's in a row

Author: Sure, So this would then be the `semconvcheckerconnector`?  I can work on getting that done asap.

Author: @codeboten I've moved it all to semconvchecker.  Anything else?

> To use use a colelctor with this built in, and add this to your confing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a collector with this built in add this to your config:

```

Something like `Example configuration:` is also probably just fine, I just wanted to resolve some typos here.
